docs: update dev-tools overview documentation (#3400)
jdx/mise: docs/dev-tools/comparison-to-asdf.md

# Comparison to asdf

mise can be used as a drop-in replacement for asdf. It supports the same `.tool-versions` files that

> you may have used with asdf and uses asdf plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you may have used with asdf and can use asdf plugins through the [asdf backend](/dev-tools/backends/asdf.html).
```
